Augment docs with some words about repository directory retriever. (#893)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/tech-insights/data-sources/index.md

![Fields extraction](./field-extraction.png)

> 4 - Choose a parser to extract a Fact from the data obtained before. For the type “Component repository file” this can be either JSON or Regex parser type, while for “HTTP” data provider type, only JSON is supported. Retrieved YAML files are handled as JSON. Repository directory configuration only returns a single Set type and the only configurable fields are the name and description of the field.  

Author: ```suggestion
4 - Choose a parser to extract a Fact from the data obtained before. For the type “Component repository file” this can be either JSON or Regex parser type, while for “HTTP” data provider type, only JSON is supported. Retrieved YAML files are handled as JSON. Repository directory configuration returns a single value of type Set and the only configurable options are the name and description of the field.  
```
